

# Port-In Rebate Offer

Modified on Thu, 27 Feb at 10:04 AM

## 1. When is the campaign period?
This campaign starts on 27 February 2025 until 28 April 2025.

## 2. What do I get when I port-in my postpaid line to CelcomDigi during the campaign period?
You will enjoy rebates on your CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G monthly commitment fee starting from your second bill depending on the CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G Plans below:

| Port-In Rebates | CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G Plans |
| --------------- | ---------------------------- |
| RM20 x 6 months | CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 80    |
|                 | CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 100   |
|                 | CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 120   |
|                 | CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 140   |
|                 | CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 160   |

## 3. When will I enjoy the rebate?
The bill rebates shall be reflected in your second monthly bill.

## 4. Who is eligible for this postpaid port-in offer?
Customer who ports in their postpaid line to the CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G plans shown below during the campaign are eligible for the postpaid port-in offer.

## 5. What are the list of eligible CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G Plans?
You can port-in your postpaid line to any of the following CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G plans during the promo period to enjoy the RM20 monthly commitment fee rebate for 6 months:

- CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 80
- CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 100
- CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 120
- CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 140
- CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G 160

## 6. Where can I sign up for the CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G plans?
You may sign-up via the CelcomDigi website here. Alternatively, you may also walk into your nearest CelcomDigi Store, Bluecube, Digi Stores, Celcom and Digi Dealers to port-in to the latest CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G plans.

## 7. Does the RM20 x 6 months rebates comes with contract?
No. Both the RM20 x 6 months port-in rebates do not come with contract.

## 8. Does the offer only applicable if I sign-up plan only?
The RM20 x 6 months port-in rebates are applicable for both for plan only or with device.

## 9. Can I enjoy this offer together with the RM10 x 12 months contractual rebates for CelcomDigi Postpaid 5G plan?
Yes. You can enjoy both Freedom Add-Ons rebates and port-in rebates.

## 10. What will happen to the rebates if I change my plan to another plan?
The bill rebates shall be forfeited if there is downgrade to non-eligible plans.
