

# Samsung Galaxy S25 Series Launch

Modified on Thu, 20 Mar at 3:12 PM

## 1. When is the launch of Samsung Galaxy S25 Series?

Samsung Galaxy S25 Series will be available starting from 14th February 2025 at 10:00 a.m. onwards.

## 2. Who is eligible to purchase?

- All customers with new registration (including port-ins and prepaid-to-postpaid conversions)
- Existing customers without any device contract and no call bar.

## 3. Can a customer with an existing contract opt for this plan?

No, a customer with an existing contract is not eligible for this plan.

## 4. How to purchase Samsung Galaxy S25?

### A. Online

Step 1: Log on to CelcomDigi website: https://www.celcomdigi.com/devices/samsung

Step 2: Choose your preferred phone model and plan

Step 3: Pay total amount for the phone (phone price + upfront payment).

### B. Walk into any CelcomDigi Store, Celcom bluecube, Digi Store, Celcom Certified Partner and Digi Store Express.

## 5. Do the customers have the option to enroll in Phone Care services?

Yes, customers may enroll in Phone Care at CelcomDigi Store, Celcom bluecube, Digi Store, Celcom Certified Partner and Digi Store Express.

## 6. Where can I trade in my device?

You can trade in your device by downloading the latest CompAsia app and having it diagnosed and evaluated through the app. Please note that trading in devices in-store is not available at the moment. Stay tuned for further updates.

For more details about phone trade-in, refer to this article.
